the French table Caesar dish is Pyrenean
rack of lamb with aubergine tempura Eric
first prepares the spatula a different
take on pasta popular in Alsace he
whisks with water eggs and creme fraiche
[Music]
and pipes the spatula into boiling water
to blanch food called water stop the
cooking straightaway to make his Puri
Eric scores and aubergine adding oil
salt nutmeg herbs de Provence and bags
he blends the baked flesh with a knob of
butter
[Music]
Eric seals his lamp and add garlic and
rosemary for the gremolata a chopped
herb sauce he mixes garlic parsley to
Fenian lose too much flavor with lemon
juice and olive oil 10 a pinch of salt
and that's it he deep-fries aubergine in
tempura batter then Eric fry she rolls a
chopped shallot and he spaetzle with
butter
and adds white wine and cream aubergine
puree
Jarrell's tempura lamb it's just pink
beautiful it's nice to us for world
opening a restaurant
Pyrenean rack of lamb wits and pure
aubergine served
you